Two highly-trained operatives become close after being sent to protect opposite sides of a mysterious gorge. When an evil emerges, they must work together to survive what lies within.

Two highly-trained operatives are appointed to posts in guard towers on opposite sides of a vast and highly classified gorge, protecting the world from an undisclosed, mysterious evil that lurks within. They bond from a distance while trying to stay vigilant in defending against an unseen enemy. When the cataclysmic threat to humanity is revealed to them, they must work together in a test of both their physical and mental strength to keep the secret in the gorge before it's too late.

The lonely American top sniper Levi is a former Marine with no connection with any person. He is invited by the powerful Bartholomew to work in a top-secret mission as guardian of an West Tower of a gorge for one year completely isolated without any contact with the exterior world. He accepts the assignment and is sedated to not know the whereabouts of the Tower. He meets the previous guardian, the British J.D., who explains him that his assignment has ended, and Levi will be responsible for the surveillance of the gorge and maintenance of the equipment. Further, the gorge is hidden by several cloaking antennas and there are sensors and mines on the walls of the gorge to contain monsters called "The Hollow Men". He also informs that in the 40's, 2400 soldiers disappeared in the gorge. Last but not the least, there is a siren that informs whether the "Stray Dog" is activated and in this case, Levi shall leave the Tower and run as far as possible. Then J.D. says goodbye and goes to the spot where the helicopter will extract him; however, instead of being rescued, he is murdered by his rescuer. Simultaneously, a woman arrives at the East tower and Levi observes her. Some time later, the woman named Drasa breaks the protocol and contacts Levi by written messages. She tells him that it is her birthday, and they start to keep a written conversation between them. One day, Levi sends a zip-line to her tower, he visits her and they have one night stand. When Levi is returning to his tower on the next morning, there is a massive attack of The Hollow Men, his zip-line breaks, and he falls into the gorge. Drasa immediately parachutes to save him and they find the dreadful secret of the gorge.

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13654226/plotsummary/?ref_=tt_stry_pl
